add dcr client reg to jwt guide (#903)
agentgateway/website: assets/agw-docs/pages/security/jwt-setup.md

   | `issuer` | The issuer URL that must match the `iss` claim in JWT tokens exactly. Agentgateway rejects tokens from other issuers.{{< version exclude-if="1.4.x,1.3.x,1.2.x,1.1.x,1.0.x" >}} Agentgateway also rejects a token that has no `iss` claim.{{< /version >}}<br><br>Example value: `http://keycloak:8080/realms/master` |
   | `audiences` | List of allowed audience values. The JWT's `aud` claim must contain at least one of these values. Omit the field to accept any audience.{{< version exclude-if="1.4.x,1.3.x,1.2.x,1.1.x,1.0.x" >}} An empty list also accepts any audience, and a non-empty list rejects a token that has no `aud` claim.{{< /version >}}<br><br>Example value: `["my-application"]` |
   | `jwks.remote.jwksPath` | The path to the JWKS endpoint on the identity provider, relative to the backend root. This endpoint returns the public keys used to verify JWT signatures.<br><br>Example value: `/realms/master/protocol/openid-connect/certs` |

>    | `jwks.remote.cacheDuration` | How long to cache the JWKS keys locally. This reduces load on the identity provider and improves performance. Keys are automatically refreshed when the cache expires.<br><br>Example value: `5m` (5 minutes) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | `jwks.remote.cacheDuration` | How long to cache the JWKS keys locally. This setting reduces load on the identity provider and improves performance. Keys are automatically refreshed when the cache expires.<br><br>Example value: `5m` (5 minutes) |
```

>    | `jwks.remote.backendRef` | Reference to the backend that hosts the identity provider. Agentgateway uses this to fetch the JWKS from the identity provider. For an in-cluster provider, reference a Kubernetes Service. For an external provider reached over TLS, reference an {{< reuse "/agw-docs/snippets/backend.md" >}} instead. See [External identity provider over TLS](#external-identity-provider-over-tls). <br><br>Example value: The Keycloak service |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | `jwks.remote.backendRef` | Reference to the backend that hosts the identity provider. Agentgateway uses this value to fetch the JWKS keys from the identity provider. For an in-cluster provider, reference a Kubernetes Service. For an external provider that is reached over TLS, reference an {{< reuse "/agw-docs/snippets/backend.md" >}} instead. See [External identity provider over TLS](#external-identity-provider-over-tls). <br><br>Example value: The Keycloak service |
```

Reviewer: the example value looks weird

   authentication failure: no bearer token found%  
   ```      
   
2. Register a client with Keycloak. The client uses dynamic client registration (DCR), so no administrator creates it, and Keycloak returns the client ID and secret that the next step uses.

>    > [!NOTE]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > [!WARNING]
```

   ```
  

## Authorize requests by a JWT claim

Authentication proves who sent the request. Authorization decides what that identity is allowed to do. After agentgateway validates the JWT, the claims are available to Common Expression Language (CEL) expressions through the `jwt` variable, so you can write access rules against them in the same {{< reuse "agw-docs/snippets/policy.md" >}}.

> This distinction matters when DCR is enabled. Registration lets a client obtain a token from the identity provider, but it does not grant that client access to your backends. Authorization is what decides which of those identities the gateway accepts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This distinction matters when DCR is enabled. Registration lets a client obtain a token from the identity provider, but it does not grant that client access to your backends. Authorization is what decides what actions the client can perform.
```

> The following example allows only the client that you registered, and denies every other identity.

Reviewer: maybe move this sentence to step 1

> 1. Update the `jwt-auth-policy` to add an authorization rule.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Update the `jwt-auth-policy` to add an authorization rule. The following example allows only the client that you registered, and denies every other identity.
```
